App Manager v1.98.0 release notes (#1087)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/release-notes/rn-app-manager.md

# App Manager Release Notes

## 1.98.0

Released on April 19, 2023

Support for Kubernetes: 1.24, 1.25, and 1.26

### New Features {#new-features-1-98-0}

> * Adds support for validating the value of Config items with the type `text`, `textarea`, `password`, or `file` by matching the item against a regex pattern. For more information, see [Config Validation](/reference/custom-resource-config#validation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds support for validating config items with type `text`, `textarea`, `password`, or `file` by matching the item's values against a regex pattern. For more information, see [Config Validation](/reference/custom-resource-config#validation).
```

> * Adds the folder `kotsKinds` to the application archive with all rendered upstream application manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Adds a new `kotsKinds` directory to the application archive which includes the rendered KOTS custom resources.
```

### Improvements {#improvements-1-98-0}

> * Sorts multi-application installations in the admin console by their `createdBy` date with the most recent installation date at the top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Sorts multi-application installations in the admin console by their creation date with the most recent installed application at the top.
```
